Exercise 9.1

a. Bundling has basically combined imported files into one file, called a "bundle." It's useful because the bundled file
   is a lot smaller than the whole app itself, and can be served up on a webpage to load the whole app. The bundle file
   is only 5.87 KB. Files being loaded in are bundle.js, base.css, react-dom.js, jquery, and remarkable.js.

b. Babel helped convert our "newer" versions of JavaScript into an older browser-friendly version.

c. No, you cannot, because there aren't any HTML elements in index.html; it imports bundle.js in a script tag, but the
   HTML file itself can't read JavaScript, which is why nothing loads.

d. It grabs all the .jsx files in the project and preprocesses through them, transforming JSX into regular JavaScript.


Exercise 9.2

a. bundle.js has increased in size and is now 1.32 GB, because there are more files to bundle since we stopped importing
   files directly into index.html. index.html also looks a lot cleaner, being only a "bare-bones skeleton," importing
   only one file, bundle.js.

b. Since Webpack is already configured to import all the external libraries and files, we're not importing the same
   files twice, which would be counterintuitive. Also, we're importing these files into more "correct" places, since our
   app

c. Only bundle.js is being loaded, according to the network log. All the new node modules I created have now been bundled
   into that file, so we don't see them being loaded individually. The same is also true for the CSS file.

Exercise 9.3

a. There isn't really much of a difference between the two ports -- port 3001 is just a development server, meaning that
   it is meant for testing the app and so isn't meant to be seen by the public. When I edit one of the React modules and
   save my changes, the :3001 browser automatically refreshes and displays the change. The bundle/index files stay the
   same. 

b. Loading /api/comments gives me a list of all the comments in JSON. This port doesn't automatically reload to display
   the changes I made previously.
